# Carbon Group

This document describes the functional scenario and details of **Group**.

## Definitions

A group is like a music playlist where user can connect and run a management task on all members of group at once.

## Group types
* **Normal group**
	* Carbon system-group: Predefined group by Carbon. User cannot remove this group.
		* Favorites

	* User group: User created group.

* **Dynamic group**: member of group is dynamically generated by a search criteria.
	* Carbon system-group: Predefined group by Carbon. User cannot remove this group.
		* Active Connections
		* Recent Connections

	* User group
		* Examples
			* Confidential servers: based on **Tagging**
			* Patch-required servers: based on the server version property
			* Backup-required databases: based on the last backup date and possibly with tagging.

## Design Principles

* Functionality and UX flow must be natural to DBAs and developers.

## UX Story
[//]:# (Shortly describe the functionality in user story based on the target user's perspective or getting started blog format.)


## Functional Scenarios

### **Provisioning**
I CAN **create** a new server group.

I CAN **add** a server as a member of a group.

I CAN **edit** group properties.

* group name.
* group description.

* edit group and group member properties using Carbon editor.

I CAN **delete** a group.

I CAN **share** the definition of group with others.

* e.g. source control the group definition file to share and sync with others.
* (open question) consider the security impact of sharing group defintion since it will contain server and database connection information.

I CAN **create** a new server group **by copying** an existing group.

I CAN **add single or multiple servers** into a group by **browsing**, **searching**, **selecting** servers from a list of local, network or cloud (e.g. Azure, AWS).

I CAN **tag** server with custom tags.

* e.g. production, confidential, mission critical etc.
* multiple tags

I CAN **remove** an existing server from a group.

I CAN **edit** the property of existing server in a group.

I CAN **generate connection strings** of all servers in a group.

* password protection

### **Actions**

I CAN **view** the members of group.

I CAN easily **discover** management tasks for group.

* multi-server management tasks

I CAN easily **discover** management tasks for server.

I CAN **define** the default behavior when I open a connection to group.

* View in group dashboard
* Open in multi-server editor

I CAN **define** the default carbon behavior when I open a connection to a server.

* View in server dashboard
* Open in editor



## Error handling


## Non-functional requirements
[//]:# (if any)

## Security considerations
[//]:# (if any)